fix(testing-and-tdd): grammar suggestions (#1468)
Techtonica/curriculum: testing-and-tdd/testing-and-tdd.md

  - Since it's all isolated it shouldn't suffer from weird effects.
  - You can even mock the system clock to remove time dependencies! :-O
- Realism: **low**.

>   - It's been said that a unit test, tests that the code does what the developer intended, not what the user necessarily wants.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about this one.  What about:

```suggestion
  - It's been said that a 'unit test' tests that the code does what the developer intended - not necessarily what the user wants.
```

Reviewer 2: @LeiaQuesada, I second @alodahl's suggested change. What do you think?

Author: Absolutely! That makes sense!

  - Just because your `SuperDuperStringUtils` works doesn't mean its usage in your login page to, say, format user's custom gender will do what you _really_ want.

#### Integration Tests

> This term does not have much consensus on its meaning, but it generally refers to tests that test two (or more) units working together. It could be two classes/objects or a function that calls another function. It can also be of having your API call another real API, which is quite different (and slower) than a unit test. But some of the ideas are the same.

Reviewer 2: It might be clearer to change:

> It can also be of having your API call another real API, which is quite different (and slower) than a unit test.

to:

It can also mean having your API call another real API, which is quite different from (and slower than) a unit test.

#### Load Testing

> We won't go into these much here, but load testing is essential testing that your code can handle an increased amount of input or activity. Lets say you have a website that works when you have one user, what happens when you have 10,000 users? If you have a database that is working with three rows, what happens when you have thousands? You want to make sure that your program still works reliably regardless of user volume.

Reviewer 2: @LeiaQuesada, in addition to your correction to this section, I believe this:

> ...but load testing is essential testing that...

could be changed to:

...but load testing is essentially testing that...
